He was playing games, got you dancing in the middle of the club. Got you dancing in the middle of the club.
My motivation might seem trivial compared to yours, but I can't lose, either. I have to live up to the hopes of those who supported me.
The more honest you are, the more open, the less fear you will have, because there's no anxiety about being exposed or revealed to others.
Sad as it was that she did not know where her children were buried or what they looked like if alive, fact was she knew more about them than she knew about herself, having never had the map to discover what she was like.
You are what you are and you are where you are because of what has gone into your mind. You change what you are and you change where you are by changing what goes into your mind.
When you realize you want to spend the rest of your life with somebody, you want the rest of your life to start as soon as possible.
You have the power to heal your life, and you need to know that.
But I really believe that there are more good people on this earth than bad people, and the good people watch out for each other and take care of each other.
You're finally granted a chance to get even! And if you don't take it... then you're no better than a puppy who cowers when someone takes the leash off.
That is the thing with giving your heart. You never wait for someone to ask. You hold it out and hope they want it.
There was never any more inception than there is now, nor any more youth or age than there is now; and will never be any more perfection than there is now, nor any more heaven or hell than there is now.
I know it's a mistake. But there are certain things in life where you know it's a mistake, but you don't really know it's a mistake, because the only way to really know it's a mistake is to make the mistake.
No matter where you stand on the long path, right now, try very hard to smile, and be glad you're in the game.
And when the broken hearted people living in the world agree. There will be an answer, let it be. For though they may be parted, there is still a chance that they will see. There will be an answer, let it be.
There is freedom in coming and going for no other reason than because you can. There is freedom in choosing to sit and be still when everything is always telling you to move, move fast.
If you're going to become a hero, you don't have time for such leisurely events.
Sometimes I do feel like I'm a failure. Like there's no hope for me. But even so, I'm not gonna give up. Ever!
I want to be very small, and I want you to put me in your pocket, and I wanna stay there and you can just reach in whenever you want and just pat me on the head.
I did so want you all to care for me, as I do for you, and now I care for you more than ever.
It was one of those March days when the sun shines hot and the wind blows cold: when it is summer in the light, and winter in the shade.
We were sent here for something. And we know that all things work together for good to them that love God, to them who are called according to his purpose.
Most of the problems of the world stem from linguistic mistakes and simple misunderstandings.
There's no way we could meet. But one thing is certain. If we see each other, we'll know. That you were the one who was inside me. That I was the one who was inside you.
Let us learn to appreciate there will be times when the trees will be bare, and look forward to the time when we may pick the fruit.
I believe the one that says that if you do it for long enough, it can become impossible to tell the difference between flying and falling.
If he stayed at home and carried on with his normal life he would be a thousand times superior to these people and could get any of them out of his way just with a kick.
Hey Jude, don't be afraid. You were made to go out and get her. The minute you let her under your skin then you begin to make it better. And any time you feel the pain.
People only find me interesting because they can't tell whether I'm serious or not.
If you think anyone is sane you just don't know enough about them.
The weird thing about houses is that they almost always look like nothing is happening inside of them, even though they contain most of our lives. I wondered if that was sort of the point of architecture.
I thought: That is the fear. I have lost something important, and I cannot find it, and I need it. It is fear like if someone lost his glasses and went to the glasses store and they told him that the world had run out of glasses and he would just have to do without.
You know no one and no one knows you, and at the same time you don't feel like a stranger. But here you know everyone and everyone knows you, and yet you are a stranger.
And certainly, the mistakes that we male and female mortals make when we have our own way might fairly raise some wonder that we are so fond of it.
Humans need to practice what they are learning a good deal before they master it. Furthermore, they tend to lose a good deal of their learning when they cease to practice the skills associated with this learning in their daily lives.
My friend, the great goddess cursed me and I must die in shame. I shall not die like a man fallen in battle; I feared to fall, but happy is the man who falls in the battle, for I must die in shame.
It's all about the game, and how you play it. All about control, and if you can take it. All about your debt, and if you can pay it. It's all about pain, and who's gonna make it. I am the game; you don't want to play me. I am control; no way you can change me. I am heavy debt; no way you can pay me. I am the pain, and I know you can't take me.
If you lie and pretend that you like them, you're fine. But if you tell them the truth, you get fired, you can't afford food, and you get shanked for cutting in line at the soup kitchen. And then you die.
I remember how you said that sometimes it gets just a little hard being home. There's sand stuck in my bed and memories in my head, love, I've been trying to let this whole thing go.
Sometimes I wondered if I was seeing the same things through my eyes that the rest of the world was seeing through theirs. Maybe there was a glitch in my brain.
Many boys will bring you flowers. But someday you'll meet a boy who will learn your favorite flower, your favorite song, your favorite sweet. And even if he is too poor to give you any of them, it won't matter because he will have taken the time to know you as no one else does. Only that boy earns your heart.
I do this thing where I think I'm really sick, but I won't go to the doctor to find out about it, because they make you stay real still in a real small place, as they chart up your insides and put them on display. They'd see all of it. All of me. All the good that won't come out of me.
The concept of hope is nothing more than giving up. A word that holds no true meaning.
For what you see and hear depends a good deal on where you are standing. It also depends on what sort of person you are.
Sometimes life is like this tunnel. You can't always see the light at the end of the tunnel, but if you keep moving, you will come to a better place.
Left off at #362 if want to add more https://www.typeracerdata.com/texts?texts=full&sort=relative_average